---
Image: images/3.png
Title: About Us
Date: 2024-07-10 16:02
Category: 
Slug: about
Description: Welcome to our online theological library a vast collection of Christian resources dedicated to glorifying Jesus Christ alone Our mission is to provide believers with access to essential articles and resources rooted in historical orthodoxy We aim to aid the church in embracing and rediscovering the gospel and authentic biblical
---


Welcome to our online theological library, a vast collection of Christian resources dedicated to glorifying Jesus Christ alone. Our mission is to provide believers with access to essential articles and resources rooted in historical orthodoxy. We aim to aid the church in embracing and rediscovering the gospel and authentic biblical doctrines of the historic Christian faith.

#### Our Goals

1. **Equipping Believers with Truth**
   - Our goal is to offer a treasure trove of classic articles and resources that reflect historical orthodoxy. We hope this will help the church to embrace, understand, and restore the gospel and sound biblical doctrines of the historic Christian faith.

2. **Fostering Continuous Reformation**
   - We encourage the church to continually reform its beliefs and practices to be more aligned with God's Word. By sharing the full counsel of God, we aspire to see the gospel transform every aspect of life. We highlight crucial doctrines that may have been overlooked or forgotten, believing their revival is a critical task for evangelicals today.

3. **Glorifying God**
   - We emphasize that the Scriptures are a divine self-revelation centered on Christ, not humanity. Salvation is a monergistic act of grace; without grace, humans remain hostile, passive, and incapable of turning to Christ until regenerated by the Holy Spirit. Salvation is not based on God's foresight of who would believe of their own will, as such a person does not exist (1 Cor 2:14; Rom 3:11; Rom 8:7; [John 1:13](https://www.bibleref.com/John/1/John-1-13.html); Rom 9:16,18; [John 10:26](https://www.bibleref.com/John/10/John-10-26.html)). Instead, it was determined in eternity solely by God's sovereign good pleasure (Eph 1:4-6; 2 Tim 1:9; [Titus 1:2](https://www.bibleref.com/Titus/1/Titus-1-2.html)) and brought to fruition through the redemptive work of Christ and the Holy Spirit's application to the elect.

#### Our Commitment

We proclaim the truths of Scripture as reaffirmed during the 16th-century Reformation: salvation is by grace alone, through faith alone, in Christ alone, as revealed in Scripture alone, and all to the glory of God alone. This affirmation is grounded in rigorous biblical exegesis rather than philosophical or confessional routes.

Explore our library and join us in our mission to honor and glorify God by upholding His Word.
